project/docs/hours.md, before:

# Hours spent on project

|Date|Hours|Tasks|
|---|---|---|
|12.11.|4|Req spec|
|13.11.|4|Create initial configuration file and classes for MongoDb connector, configuration handler as well as classes for dashboard and graph data objects. Test end-to-end manually: works OK.|
|14.11.|8|Add test coverage and docstrings for some classes. Create rudimentary UI.|
|15.11.|4|Continue tweaking UI. Review req spec before turning it in.|
|16.11.|2|Refactoring. Enable time span selection from config.|
|19.11.|6|Start separating UI to different components. Increase test coverage and docstrings. Split connector into abstract class and inherited actual connectors. Start working on SQLite connector.|
|20.11.|10|Make demo using SQLite connector. Make use of connectors more general and flexible. Increase test coverage.|
|21.11.|4|Increase test coverage. Continue restructuring connectors. Add validation for layout x and y values.|
|22.11.|4|Refactoring, clean up. Add asdicts to make it possible to later enable saving the dashboard. More tests.|
|23.11.|6|Major UI restructuring into classes. Enable pylint and start fixing linter errors.|
|28.11.|4|Make UI prettier and add navigation buttons in left pane.|
|30.11.|6|Update documentation, continue improving linter score.|
|Total||62|

Commit message:

Enable editing and saving config in UI

project/docs/hours.md, after:

# Hours spent on project

|Date|Hours|Tasks|
|---|---|---|
|12.11.|4|Req spec|
|13.11.|4|Create initial configuration file and classes for MongoDb connector, configuration handler as well as classes for dashboard and graph data objects. Test end-to-end manually: works OK.|
|14.11.|8|Add test coverage and docstrings for some classes. Create rudimentary UI.|
|15.11.|4|Continue tweaking UI. Review req spec before turning it in.|
|16.11.|2|Refactoring. Enable time span selection from config.|
|19.11.|6|Start separating UI to different components. Increase test coverage and docstrings. Split connector into abstract class and inherited actual connectors. Start working on SQLite connector.|
|20.11.|10|Make demo using SQLite connector. Make use of connectors more general and flexible. Increase test coverage.|
|21.11.|4|Increase test coverage. Continue restructuring connectors. Add validation for layout x and y values.|
|22.11.|4|Refactoring, clean up. Add asdicts to make it possible to later enable saving the dashboard. More tests.|
|23.11.|6|Major UI restructuring into classes. Enable pylint and start fixing linter errors.|
|28.11.|4|Make UI prettier and add navigation buttons in left pane.|
|30.11.|6|Update documentation, continue improving linter score.|
|1.12.|4|Create new view for editing dashboard config. Changes can be saved in yaml.|
|Total|66||
